those of you who may or may not know
anything for a part two Academy a female
cat a companion go to much love jordu
gracie person torch Burns and Gracie
Allen George and Gracie would frolic in
the house all day and play games that
cats do while Dennis was away working
very hard to support their boxes Gracie
but Dennis and George would make Dennis
his friend they would trying to turn
Dennis had some find myself was one of
them and I will I must say the
houseguest who lived here for whatever
reason he touched our lives only the way
to what you could if you said you knew
Dennis and they were friends of his they
would always ask George was a very clean
and our Dennis made sure they were clean
at all times when Dennis would go away
he would have people look at he had a
dear friend and he would feed George let
him out walk him and clean all the
litter box
as time passed too much got older and
started toward used to walk around look
at all of us and go about his business
started to fear but we will all remember
the good time
George George always attended all of our
parties and get-togethers and I must say
to you dinner
you did a great job with George you gave
him the best of everything and I know
things got a better place he is looking
down saying thank you what George didn't
go along but part of us went with him we
will not speak with tears talk as if he
was still with us
but I am sure that George is with his
Bracy George is with his yet George is
with his Gracie having fun frolicking
and doing cat things Dennis Dennis hi
sweetheart
I've got to say Venice we are so sorry
for your loss but I'm ready
Dennis do you have anything to say